1. Is the waterfall model a good choice for developing this system? Only Yes or No
	No.

2. Give four reasons to support your answer in 1.
	The waterfall model would be a poor choice for development of this system due to the difficulty in adjusting the program once it is in the testing phase and the lack of working software until the late development stages. The client would likely want to phase this system in as it is developed so that they can see what specific functions they need the portal to fulfil. This would not be possible with a waterfall model as there are no incremental releases between development and testing stages. For a waterfall model, it would be required that all specifications for functions be laid out during planning. This does not suit a project in which privileges are based on the roles of the user, thus preventing the development from moving from the design specifications if the functions no longer meet the client’s needs. With the waterfall approach, there is the risk that the client may switch their admin application but the specifications for the admin portal would not change so the two programs may be incompatible upon release of the portal.

3. Is iterative development leading to a single release of the system a good choice for developing this system? Only Yes or No
	Yes.

4. Give four reasons to support your answer in 3.
	Iterative development takes less time for tester & user to test a basic version of a website in development environment. Since the iterative process is that each stage can effectively be slimmed down into smaller and smaller time frames; so, each subsequent iteration will be faster and faster. One single production release will ascertain that quality distribution is done. It also makes a better involvement for user because it’s easier to test the system after each iterative cycle individually, along with spending less time to bug fix and patches with continuous test results. 

5. Is agile development with releases of small increments of software a good choice for developing this system? Only Yes or No
	Yes.

6. Give four reasons to support your answer in 5.
	An agile solution would be beneficial to the development of the admin portal as the detail b) ambiguously states “what links you can access… is determined based on what roles you have” without explicitly defining these roles. It is likely that new roles will form, or old roles will evolve during the development of the admin portal, so it would be effective to have the company involved during the design process to best adjust the specifications accordingly. Additionally, as the application is only to be accessed on the company network, an agile solution would allow for the client to test each iteration of the software and ensure there are no conflicts with their current systems. As the admin application is not developed by us, it would be beneficial to have the agile model instead to test whether their system functions alongside our portal. Alongside the client being constantly involved in the development process, agile requires iterations be rapidly developed and deployed to the client which allows for user feedback and reduces the risk that the program does not meet the client’s needs.

7. What are your first thoughts on how you will approach the solution?
	Build a basic version of the Admin Portal by using an agile development model with the goal to improve the client’s workflow using functionalities that can be utilized by all admins. Begin building the site for the highest level of admin and testing this version. Then incrementally add the functions of other internal employees, testing as each function is implemented. Throughout this testing, we will receive user feedback from the clients and adjust features accordingly. This method should ensure that there are specific functions only accessible to specific admins and that the program is stable.
